today for the stupid records of
incognito we have invited yumbo we have
around here to castle rock here to charly
rock
fantastic and here to the veto
we have three ostriches that we will have
that ride and make a pretty career
short it seems that the fantastic flip fruit
it is already being understood by understanding
it is all analyze if you are sitting not
is doing what if that first
I was very hostile if I was like
I am but I already like you according to jon
animals that are dangerous are animals that
give a skate and if you can break the
knee because they already told us
who kick comunero is taken the footprint
there are three animals one will be ridden by
the incognito team is for me and
we will represent us well yumbo
bring the beasts to the track and
the ostriches too
of strawberries then we only have two
beasts
and we will have to decide which of these
two beasts will ride the ostrich and
this will be decided with a shampoo
and so we see that this nobody managed
pass the goal and now it will be against
castle rock and if we see that there are no strokes
to the goal for charlie rose and beto
will have to enter the team
follow me the animals again
had gone natural it turns out that the
animals were not very docile so
now to do the castle rock turn
they say that mete mayor domina minor mind
not the banderazo is putting 50
centimeters later
here we saw the mustache knee
it is not like that until the animal of 130
kilos
we cancel the tour we will see the
repetition
blaming the animal and blaming it
had the rider margins ones like the
horse you have to pull the wing and
know where you do not want this neck anymore
that has already been an exception let's say and
nobody reaches the goal does not matter based on
the one on top of the table this
first pine
and
well, we consider that
the fall of the hydraulic steering as
I considered it was already three meters away
the goal and the animals could give a
little tired and the riders call is a
little bland
so let's be with the rest of
the juices to uncover the champagne
and decree as winners here to the
shoulders represented by fritz fruit
fantastic by versions that the
animals will no longer go badly as
So far we have seen that everything has been
handled with a lot of ethical professionalism
and security for the ostriches we have
decided that until here the
test so the only ones hurt
we put ourselves
in this forest stop singing as
winners here the fantastic sir that
It stays very few meters but put
impossible because more waiting for that goal does not
it reminds us stupid incognito what
we challenge all those who want
overcome what is understood an ostrich
and practice where they are going to be there is a
couple of dates out there in chalco when
pachuca how we listened to texas
to Guadalajara also at the end of April and
the easiest thing really is not there for
question of not having the calendar towards
the hand if www.youtube.com dot mx
has the collection all the videos
has this comes with a has with a dvd
with 13 videos and 21 tracks on
live songs of the tributes is a
good package of everything we 've been
doing these 29 years and until the
alignments have changed by the
leave still standing thank you very much and
I recommend a good one more than when
go to dallas to be careful